Hello ████,

I have been given confirmation that you have received my Cease and Desist following my testimony that was leaked to you. Thank you for returning my items, but that was not the final resolution, if there is anything missing from the storage unit I will promptly inform you. You did not receive legal advice from a proper source and lied to your staff about getting a lawyer, simps you lie to do not count as legal advice ████. This is what guilty people do ████. You couldn't even be truthful in front of our couple's therapist as you are a manipulative narcissistic liar. You live in lies to maintain your sanity, in case you were unaware.

I see two avenues for resolving you illegally evicting me from the apartment. Either you return to me one third of the renter's deposit or I sue you and your husband for illegally evicting me. This will result in you paying my lawyers' fees, and various punitive damages ontop of compensatory damages. I have CCTV footage of you removing me from the household and have plenty of proof of this. Let me know how you want to proceed here or have any questions.

I lied to you about using the synthetic pee in the past. I was scared as I couldn't stop smoking with the amount of stress you and your husband were putting me through and wanted guidance instead of the shame you gave me. I did not need to test negative for THC and because I had to be forcibly relocated to Pennslyvania I had to resign the offer given to me in NYC, which was honestly a dream job for me. You ruined this for me and it will show the distress you put me through in the eviction lawsuit if needed.

It seems you were under the impression that you could discard me and all the abuse you put me through and live the life you wanted before the abuse you put me through, similar to those who sexually abused me in the past have. I can assure you that will not happen. I thought I was your best friend but the reality is you used me and destroyed my soul until there was nothing left, and then discarded me.

If you attend Connecticon before the Furcationland Investigation is complete I will have no choice but to do the following. You thinking you can work with the person who sexually assaulted me after hiding the evidence of such is completely disgusting ████. You are a monster.

The following actions will be done if you do not comply with my request:
Inform your family of ████ raping his dog (you being fully okay with it) and his aggravated assault against me as a result of his zoophilia with chat and photo evidence.
Report you to the FBI for the child pornography I watched you delete on inkbunny, including informing your family, with photo and forensic evidence.
Release my evidence to the public.
Sueing you and your husband for defamation, (the lies you have told your staff members to sway there opinion of me during the investigation) and lies your husband shared about me to his friends. You were even lying about me at Anthrocon ████. After consulting with all of our mutuals there is much you both have lied about.
I will have additional demands if there is not a proper outcome of the sexual assault against me at Furcationland.

You going to Anthrocon against my request was disgusting ████. I had to be in constant fear of coming into contact with you the entire time and it tainted my experience. It seems you either don't realize you're a monster or don't care but towards the end of this you will get a reality check. There will be actions taken for you attending Anthrocon and ruining my time there, as if I was proactive about reporting everything I should have you and your husband would be banned from every convention. I did not want to see or hear you being a slut at that convention, and that's all I got.

Please understand, this is fully your fault. Blame nobody but yourself. You could've been a decent person even if you broke up with me ████, but you chose to be a monster and you will learn your lesson as a result.

I will be waiting for your response to know how to proceed. A nonresponse will be taken that you want these actions to occur.

Thank you,
███

You've made your choice.

████,

I am missing my personal thigh highs. I am missing my ebike. I am missing my $1000 Albedo 1 comic. I am missing my bed. I sleep on the floor ████. I stated to you in writing I needed a photo of the bed in the trash as you need to do so to receive a refund for the bed or to receive the bed back. This is happening because I reported ████ for sexually assaulting me at your convention and you hiding it. If you do not efficiently communicate with me about this I will have no choice but to travel to NYC and report you for grand larceny. I have spoken with a 67th Precinct detective on this matter and provided ample evidence which he stated was efficient enough to charge you but in order for the report to go through I need to physically travel to NYC for a physical testimony.

Let me know what you want to do because you will be ████ The Felon if this is not resolved.

Thank you,
███████

Hey ████,

I get what's lost is lost. That being the outcome of the Furcationland Investigation is over and that was one of the hardest things I ever had to read. I can't keep fighting for my justice to not feel completely fucked over and traumatized from everything that I was put through. I really thought fully telling the truth and being transparent would've gotten me a result. I can't mentally torment myself with you anymore thinking you'll become a better person if you tried. I work for a better company now and things are okay for me again. You're purely broken memories and nostalgia now and I can't make myself forget you but I need to stop fighting or my mental health will reach newer lows. Please do one thing for me ████, I will be working at Furrydelphia just on the Thursday and leaving at the end of the day so I don't need to interact with you at the convention. I was supposed to work the full amount of time but I don't want a panic attack.

Good luck on your journey,
███

Hello ████, 

Glad you had some new beginnings at PROWL being able to push my existence away after hiding, lying, and tarnishing every part of my soul with the actions you've taken after abandoning me. Hope the superficial lust induced fake friedships and your abuser husband were worth treating me how you have. You can return my belongings anyway you want to.

███
